0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
        Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a lung disease caused by inhaling fine ash and sand dust.
1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
        getrusage returns a pointer to a struct with information regarding usage statistics.
2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
        2
3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
        The before and after will give more accurate information.
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
        The for loop takes the integer c and defines it as fgetc of fp which is the pointer to the memory location of the open file.
        Which is interesting because I'm not entirely sure why c is defined as an integer. If fgetc gets the next character from the file, how is it defined as an integer.
        Wouldn't it be better to define c as a char? So anyways, the for loop pulls the character from a file one at a time checking if the character is at the end of the file.
        The loop then defines c as the next character. The if statement then checks to allow only alphabetical characters and apostrophes.
        The character is then appended to a variable word at an aggregated index. The else if then ignores words with numbers.
        If the whole word found, then terminate the current word and update the word counter. The word is then checked by the spelling.
        From a call to dictionary.c is the word checked by spelling. The word is printed if misspelled.
        The index is then increased.
5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
        The string might pass in data that have characters which are not all alphabetical.
6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
        The parameters for check and load are declared as const so that the contents of check and load are immutable.
